VIT University has announced that the foundation stone laying ceremony of its AP campus would be held at Inavolu in the Capital Region Development Authority (CRDA) area on Thursday.
 
      Published: 02nd  November 2016 05:42 AM  |  
      
         Last Updated: 02nd  November 2016 05:42 AM

  |  A+A A- 
VIT university founder and chancellor G Viswanathan (middle) addressing the media in Vijayawada on Tuesday | EXPRESS
VIJAYAWADA: VIT University has announced that the foundation stone laying ceremony of its AP campus would be held at Inavolu in the Capital Region Development Authority (CRDA) area on Thursday and classes would commence in the next academic year — 2017-18.
The function will be attended by Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu and Union Minister for Urban Development M Venkaiah Naidu. VIT will be the first educational institution to start functioning in Amaravati.
VIT-AP is the third institution of its parent organisation in the country, the fist Vellore Institute of Technology has deemed university status.
The Chennai campus was set up in 2010. Both the campuses together have 32,000 students in 53 undergraduate, graduate and PhD programmes.
Speaking to reporters here on Tuesday, VIT founder and chancellor G Viswanathan said that VIT-AP was being set up under the AP Private Universities Act to offer quality
education. The average Gross Enrolment Ratio for India is 23 per cent while for AP it is slightly higher at 27 per cent.
“We are far below the world average of 33 per cent,” Viswanathan said. Gross Enrolment Ratio is a measure used to show the ratio of the number of students to those who qualify for a particular grade in an institution.
For the first academic year beginning next year, an online entrance test will be held from April 5 for 15 days for which applications could be filed from November 9.For the first phase of the institution, the VIT-AP will spend Rs 300 crore.
The state government allotted 200 acres of land for VIT against the 300 acres it sought.
The total built up area will be 1,86,73,612 sq ft in 25 years, housing 50,000 students.
VIT-AP is expected to achieve a student strength of 18,000 in the first phase by the end of 5 years. The figure is expected to go up to 50,000 by the end of second phase in 25 years.
VIT-AP, according to Viswanathan, is coming out with a scheme called AP-stars under which it intends to pick up toppers among boys and girls in each district in the state who studied intermediate course in a government junior college located in rural areas and give them free admission, boarding and hostel facility every year.
VIT-AP also intends to adopt three villages close to its location — Inavolu, Velagapudi and Sakhamuru — and take care of all public needs of its residents, Viswanathan said.
O
    P
    E
    N
Disclaimer : We respect your thoughts and views! But we need to be judicious while moderating your comments. All the comments will be moderated by the newindianexpress.com editorial. Abstain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks. Try to avoid outside hyperlinks inside the comment. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines.
The views expressed in comments published on newindianexpress.com are those of the comment writers alone. They do not represent the views or opinions of newindianexpress.com or its staff, nor do they represent the views or opinions of The New Indian Express Group, or any entity of, or affiliated with, The New Indian Express Group. newindianexpress.com reserves the right to take any or all comments down at any time.
  US Navy veteran gets three life sentences for killing Indian engineerSrinivas Kuchibhotla
  M Karunanidhi a giant among Tamil Nadu politicians: Mahindra Group Chairman Anand Mahindra
  IAF's fighter airfields reeling under severe shortcomings, operation readiness hit: CAG
  Allowing outside food in multiplexes may create security issue: Government to Bombay HC
  Two Indians abducted in Malaysia rescued: Sushma Swaraj
  Yogi Adityanath government recommends CBI probe into Deoria shelter home case
Copyright - newindianexpress.com 2018
Dinamani |  Kannada Prabha |  Samakalika Malayalam | Indulgexpress  |  Edex Live  |  Cinema Express |   Event Xpress 
 Contact Us |  About Us |  Careers | Privacy Policy |  Search |  Terms of Use |  Advertise With Us 
 Home |  Nation |  World |  Cities |  Business |  Columns |  Entertainment |  Sport |  Magazine |  The Sunday Standard  
