Shop for OnePlus Mobiles on Gadgets Now and avail attractive offers. The power-packed range includes OnePlus 3T, OnePlus One, OnePlus X and OnePlus 3. Buy the OnePlus smartphones in various storage/RAM combinations.
One Plus was founded in the December of 2013 by Pete Lau (CEO) and Carl Pei. It is a Chinese smartphone company. The main goal of One Plus was to design a smartphone that would combine the high-end quality and the low-end price into one smartphone. They believe that the users would never settle for lower quality devices because of the price.
The company?s First Device was the One Plus One which was highly anticipated. It was released on 22nd April, 2014 and was touted as the ?2014 Flagship Killer?. It was clearly above all the other flagships phones in the same year. The phone was available in the 16 GB and the 64 GB version. The phone debuted the infamous invite system. One could only get the phone if they were invited to do so.
With an aim to impart quality education to the students, Vellore Institute of Technology (VIT) University is establishing its third campus near Bhopal. 	"VIT University is now spreading its wings and establishing the third campus at (near) Bhopal. The Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) for it was signed during the Global Investors Summit," VIT Founder Chancellor and Ex-MP, G Viswanathan told reporters here today.
One Plus gathers exceptional talent from all over the world with various beliefs, backgrounds and perspectives but all share one common dream, that is, to change things for the better and leave a mark on the world. One Plus pursues the highest professional, personal and ethical standards. They are empowered by a bold mindset that makes them create products that transcend geography, customs and cultures.
The OnePlus 5T Star Wars in a limited edition phone in India. It is great for you if you are a hard core Star Wars fan as it is a limited edition collectable and usable phone. If you are an ardent star wars fan, you should definitely check it out. The box is emblazoned with the Star wars: The Last Jedi logo. The whole experience just screams star wars.
The OnePlus 5T Star Wars Edition smartphone is powered by Octa Core processor and runs on the Android Operating System. It has a good 3300 mAh powered battery and has a whopping 128 GB onboard storage. It is also equipped with a finger print scanner. The takes a gamer to a whole new experience with the Adreno 540 GPU which makes games run smoothly and efficiently.
The One Plus One is the first smartphone introduced by the One Plus company. It is positioned as the flagship killer of the year 2014. It has an impressive 13 megapixel rear camera and a good 5 megapixel front camera. It is charged up on a good 3100 mAh battery power. It is powered by the quad core snapdragon 801 processor.
Click to search, compare and buy the best and the latest smartphones offered by One Plus on the gadgets now website at great deals and best prices available to you so that you NEVER SETTLE.
You May Be Interested in: iPhone | Samsung Mobile | Nokia Mobile | Oppo Mobile | Vivo Mobile | Sony Mobile | Gionee Mobile | Lava Mobile | HTC Mobile | Lyf Mobile | Panasonic Mobile | Micromax Mobile
