 
      Published: 06th  August 2014 07:52 AM  |  
      
         Last Updated: 06th  August 2014 07:52 AM

  |  A+A A- 
CHENNAI: The Vellore Institute of Technology (VIT) inaugurated its new law school, located at its Chennai campus, at a formal event conducted at the institutes campus on Monday.
VIT law school offers two degrees, namely BA (LLB) and BBA (LLB), and has subsequently inducted 120 students in its first batch.
Addressing the students, Chancellor G Viswanathan said that the VIT Group which made a humble beginning 30 years ago as the Vellore Engineering College, stands tall now among the list of top technical institutes in Chennai.
We started with just 180 students and three engineering streams at a backward region in Vellore, back in 1984, he said and went on, Today, we are proud tutors to more than 29,000 students who benefit by studying in our institute. We have nearly 5,000 students on the Chennai campus while we expect the numbers to swell once we start our Bengaluru campus as well.
Reiterating on the need to have more law schools, he said that the clog up of cases in the judicial system require more courts, and subsequently, more advocate, Lawyers are the ones who assure life, liberty and freedom. Justice delayed is justice denied. So, there is a necessity for more lawyers.
He added that various state governments and the central government were partly responsible for the clog up of cases in the judiciary.
With nearly 4 crore pending cases before the judicial system, Viswanathan said that it may take 320 years or more in order to clear the log.
He also spoke of the urgent need to bring down the cost of litigation as the situation is such that the poor and middle class can no more afford to go to courts.
Former Justice of the Supreme Court of India, S Mohan, who was the chief guest, slammed the lack of discipline among the current crop of advocates, and said that adjournments were the key reason for the insurmountable delays endured during the judicial process.
Adjournments are an anathema to the judicial process. I used to hate it, and so did my colleagues in my time, said Mohan.
These days, most advocates dont even adhere to the attire norms as prescribed by the bar council, he added.
Former Advocate General of Tamil Nadu R Krishnamoorthy praised the institutes efforts at creating a pan India flavour with students from across India on their rolls.
O
    P
    E
    N
Disclaimer : We respect your thoughts and views! But we need to be judicious while moderating your comments. All the comments will be moderated by the newindianexpress.com editorial. Abstain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks. Try to avoid outside hyperlinks inside the comment. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines.
The views expressed in comments published on newindianexpress.com are those of the comment writers alone. They do not represent the views or opinions of newindianexpress.com or its staff, nor do they represent the views or opinions of The New Indian Express Group, or any entity of, or affiliated with, The New Indian Express Group. newindianexpress.com reserves the right to take any or all comments down at any time.
  NDA's Harivansh Singh is the new RajyaSabha Deputy Chairman

  Indonesia: 5.9-magnitude aftershock jolts Lombok after deadly earthquake which killed over 160
  Bengal BJP chief Dilip Ghosh's car attacked
  SC modifies 'one state, one vote' policy of BCCI, grants permanent membership to MCA, others
  Heavy rain triggers landslides in Idukki, at least 10 persons dead
  Body of another militant recovered in Baramullah; 5 ultras killed: Army
Copyright - newindianexpress.com 2018
Dinamani |  Kannada Prabha |  Samakalika Malayalam | Indulgexpress  |  Edex Live  |  Cinema Express |   Event Xpress 
 Contact Us |  About Us |  Careers | Privacy Policy |  Search |  Terms of Use |  Advertise With Us 
 Home |  Nation |  World |  Cities |  Business |  Columns |  Entertainment |  Sport |  Magazine |  The Sunday Standard  
