Buy the Xiaomi Mobiles on Gadgets Now. Shop and get the best deals on a range of Xiaomi smartphones -Xiaomi Mi A1 | Xiaomi Mi Mix 2s |Redmi Note 5 Pro | Redmi Y1| Redmi Y1 Liteand more
Xiaomi is a Chinese brand that has established itself as a well-known household name due to the plethora of high-performance and affordable products it offers. Mi - the stylized version of the brand Xiaomi is an acronym for mobile internet that presents smartphones loaded with numerous advanced features. The brand has gained popularity due to its reasonable prices. For instance, Xiaomi mobile price ranges from approx. Rs. 6000 to Rs. 40000, thus suiting the budget of each and every one.
Designed with the most spectacular technology, the latest Mi mobile phones are undoubtedly worth your investment. These smartphones are packed with incredible features, improvised camera quality, battery backup, amazing speakers, and much more. Some of the best mobile phones by Xiaomi that are trending in the gadgets market are:
The newest member of the Xiaomi family is out, it?s time to update your mobile phone and switch to the newest Redmi Note 5 Pro. Available on Gadgets now, this is a stylish edition of Mi smartphones powered by 1.8 GHz Octa-Core Snapdragon 636 processor and Adreno 509 GPU, designed to outperform its predecessor by up to 40% . While shopping for the Redmi Note 5 Pro, you must be well aware of the exciting features it offers. This brand new Mi phone comes with a 5.99-inch FHD  touchscreen display with a resolution of 750 pixels by 1334 pixels, it works on Android Nougat 7.1.2 with the high-capacity 4000 mAh battery and offers 12MP   5MP primary and secondary camera. So, now you can enjoy those parties &amp; trips and captures those wonderful moments without any blurs.
Experience technology like never before, introducing Redmi Note 5 which is one of the best mobile phones by Xiaomi. It runs on Android Nougat 7.1.2 operating system and comes with powerful 14 nm Snapdragon 625 processor. Redmi Note 5 is a 5.99-inch Redmi phone with 4000 mAh battery capacity. As far as the camera is concerned, it has a remarkable 12 megapixels rear camera and 5MP front camera to click excellent pictures with. Switch to Redmi Note 5 today to experience glitch-free performance.
With an aim to impart quality education to the students, Vellore Institute of Technology (VIT) University is establishing its third campus near Bhopal. 	"VIT University is now spreading its wings and establishing the third campus at (near) Bhopal. The Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) for it was signed during the Global Investors Summit," VIT Founder Chancellor and Ex-MP, G Viswanathan told reporters here today.

While talking about Mi Smartphones, Mi Max 2 cannot be missed. This is the latest Mi mobile phone by the brand with incredible features. The 6.44-inch Mi Max 2 is a power-packed mobile that comes with the finest specifications a smartphone can have. Now, work on excel sheets, play games, watch your favorite movies &amp; videos and much more on-the-go with the new Mi Max 2. Powered by Snapdragon 2.0 GHz octa-core processor, the newest Mi mobile phone works on Android Nougat 7.1.1 operating system and has the powerful 5300 mAh battery. When it comes to clicking stupendous pictures, Mi Max 2 is your best friend as it features a 12MP primary camera with a 5-megapixel front camera for video conversations &amp; wonderful selfies.
Other Xiaomi and Mi latest smartphones available at Gadgets Now are Redmi Y2, Redmi 5, Mi A1, Mi Mix 2, and many more that are all set to boost your mobile-using experience.
The next big thing is waiting for you! Click to search, compare and purchase the latest Xiaomi smartphones in India on gadgets now on amazing deals and best prices.
