 
SRM University will be conducting SRM Joint Entrance Examination to offer admissions in B.Tech and M.Tech courses at four of its campuses. The examination is scheduled for April 16 to 30, 2018. While the paper is relatively easy as compared to other engineering entrance examinations, getting an idea as to what to expect from the paper can be an added advantage to improve your score.
SRMJEEE 2018 is likely to be more or less similar to that of last years in terms of syllabus, paper pattern, level of difficulty, scope et al. So in order to get an idea of this years paper, lets have a look at previous years paper trends.
 
SRM JEEE 2017
As per reports, SRMJEE 2017 had a similar pattern as this year. Faculty and students alike, were of the view that the paper wasnt much difficult and had normal standards. A lot of students who took the exam on the first day reviewed it to be fairly easy and unexpectedly direct and non-tricky.
However, few students felt that physics section was fairly difficult and time consuming. The usual student favorite section- Chemistry was the easiest of all, followed by Mathematics. Overall the paper had easy to moderate difficulty levels. Questions were mostly theoretical and majority were based on Class 11 syllabus. Though conceptually simple, questions in the Physics section required intensive calculations.
There were no technical glitches in the computer based test. However, students reported that while two questions were found to be incorrect, few questions lacked numerical values, required to solve them or had incorrect options. In such situations, one is advised to be cautious and not to attempt such question them, in order to avoid negative marking.
According to general reviews, self-study and clarity of concepts helped a lot of students to crack this exam in a fairly breezy way as some of them finished the paper half an hour before the scheduled time. Candidates are advised to cover the entire syllabus thoroughly and attempt previous years’ papers well.
 
SRM JEEE 2016
Exam pattern for SRM JEEE 2016 was quite different in comparison to that of the next year. The number of questions in Biology section were more than the other two sections, although equal weightage was given to all sections. Exam also had a negative marking scheme wherein- one mark for every wrong answer in Physics, Chemistry &amp; Mathematics and 0.7 for every wrong answer in biology was deducted.
As per student reviews, the paper was moderately difficult. Chemistry was the easiest subject as most of the questions were directly from the textbook. But unlike 2017, SRMJEEE for 2016 had a tough Mathematics section with conceptual questions and lengthy calculations.
Students are advised not to get stuck at any question and have a good time management strategy to handle all situations. Few students reported technical glitches at some centers and also misprints in the paper. Physics was comparatively easy with most of the questions being either theoretical or direct.
SRM JEEE 2016 paper was reported to be fairly easy as compared to other engineering exams such as JEE Mains, BITSAT or VITEEE. Candidates aspiring for admission to Biomedical Engineering and Biotechnology streams had to attempt questions from Biology section instead of Mathematics.
 
Anticipating SRM JEEE 2018
The exam is expected to be moderately difficult with any one section being slightly tougher than others. The students are advised to be clear with the basic concepts and theories. Make sure to adopt an effective time management strategy throughout the paper.
Although the syllabus is based on Class 11th and 12th, candidates are advised to refer to the official SRM JEEE 2018 syllabus to make sure they dont miss out on any topic. Devise an effective strategy and follow through till execution.
According to a senior faculty member of Sri Chaitanya coaching institute, SRMJEEE is all about conceptual clarity, early bird preparations and practice. Practice a lot of sample papers and previous year papers. The exam is expected to be moderately difficult but prepare for the worse and remember not to panic as the difficulty level would be equivalent for all exam takers. For chemistry, just be thorough with theoretical terms and concepts. For physics and mathematics, fasten your calculation speed.
SRM University has also introduced a re-take option for people who arent satisfied with the results of their first attempt. The best of two scores will be considered for shortlisting students.
