Click to avail hottest deals on the very latest HTC Mobiles on Gadgets Now website. The range includes HTC U Ultra, HTC U Play, HTC 10, HTC One X9, HTC Desire 10 Pro, HTC Desire 10 Lifestyle and more.
There was a time when we used to prioritize design of the phone while selecting one. The second priority was usage and performances. It was in 2008, when the first HTC phone was launched and they turned out to be quite popular over a period of time. Even today, they are known for the provided features in a budget that fits in the pocket. The design, display and camera are the three things one would fall for buying an HTC phone. Here we will take you through some of the most popular HTC mobile phones.
You can shop HTC Desire 728G Dual SIM phone which is quite a popular basic phone with some really amazing features. The storage space provided on this phone is sufficient for a beginner to use a smartphone. One need not worry when their internal storage fills up because there is a dedicated external memory card slot for the same. It is light-weight and has a stylish look that will fit in your hand perfectly. The network bands that both the SIM slots have is 2G and 3G. With multi-tasking, you can use this phone at least half a day. In addition to this, there is a front and rear camera with the best pixel resolution. This makes the phone a really amazing choice for anyone who desires a budgets Smartphone.
For those looking for feature rich Smartphones, the HTC U11 and HTC U11 Plus are really amazing.
With an aim to impart quality education to the students, Vellore Institute of Technology (VIT) University is establishing its third campus near Bhopal. 	"VIT University is now spreading its wings and establishing the third campus at (near) Bhopal. The Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) for it was signed during the Global Investors Summit," VIT Founder Chancellor and Ex-MP, G Viswanathan told reporters here today.

The U11 Plus has a big screen which makes it feasible to watch videos with a clear density. It also has a really good Processor and RAM which will take care of all your multi-tasking with ease. Moreover, the phone is dust and water resistant. .This makes the phone a really amazing choice if you are worried of dropping it or accidentally spilling water on your phone while handling. Ultimately, If you want a professional design of the phone, then this is the perfect phone to opt for. 
The screen size of HTC U11 Life makes it perfect for anyone?s palms. It comes loaded with the Android 7.1 operating system which is open for updates as well. The U11 is also water, dust an scratch resistant like its bigger variant. It offers various manual shooting modes are available for capturing the best pictures. The battery is good enough to last at least half a day. The RAM and processor is such that it provides a good user experience. If you are considering to shop HTC U11 Life in the near future, it is a perfect choice thanks to its amazing processor, camera and RAM capabilities. In addition to that, while the phone is indeed a premium model by HTC it certainly is competitively priced making it a preferred choice as compared to many of its competitors in the same range Just checkout Gadgets Now for the best comparison and details of Smartphones online.
