Selfie lovers, come to Gadgets Now and get exciting deals on Oppo's selfie-centric smartphones. There are value-for-money offers on Oppo's range, you can buy Oppo A30, Oppo F3, Oppo F3 Plus, Oppo R9 Plus, Oppo A53, Oppo F1S, Oppo F1 Plus and many more
Do you love to get clicked every now and then? Shop Oppo mobile phone from any store out there or you can also check various online platforms for finding the best deal. They use the best graphics card for a well-functional media phone. The journey of Oppo has been remarkable from the time it launched in China till today. After Nokia, Oppo is the brand that has been using the hardware with the highest quality stand-ards. They ensure to launch a new model with some innovation. And yes, it has to be better from the pre-vious launched phones. So, buy an Oppo mobile phone and get yourself clicked in the era of capturing selfies.
In case you are confused which Oppo phone to buy, the team at Gadgets Now is ready to help you with the comparison. Also, if you have got a new phone, we will help you set-up the phone with the blogs written by our writers. Our team ensures to answer all your ?How-to? questions.
The Vellore Institute of Technology (VIT) is one of the most prestigious private universities in India, whose alumni include some of the nations top engineers, computer software designers and other tech and research specialists. However, the institution, which has campuses in Chennai and Vellore (a town about halfway between Chennai and Indias tech hub, Bangalore), has recently received some unwanted negative attention with regard to how the university treats its female students.
The Oppo F5 is phones for clicking images that reveal organic beauty on the full HD screen. Along with the best camera, it also provides butter smooth performance with octa-core processor for smart operations. Also, your phone would not get heated up unlike others even if it is used quite frequently. Apart from this, face detection helps you unlock your device. So, why wait to grab this super-good phone!
The Oppo F3 is a dual selfie camera phone. The icons of this phone are designed in a way that will lighten up your phone with various colors. The best feature about this phone is that it has dual front cameras for capturing the best selfie. Indeed, a perfect selfie smart phone. You need not worry about the battery as it would last at least half a day although you use multiple apps at the same time. The screen size is just per-fect for watching videos and playing games. If you are a single SIM user and want to expand your memory, adding a microSD card would definitely prove to be of a great help to you.
This sounds weird, isn?t it? The Oppo F3 Plus phone is featured for the dual cameras that it provides. One of these cameras has a resolution of 16 MP whereas the other one is of 8 MP. Using this phone, you can click your selfie when you are in a mood and combine it with a group selfie. Try this feature and you are sure to love it with the 120-degree wide-angle camera. Also, it provides a stylish look and feel as com-pared to the cost. With this phone, you will not have to type a password every now and then. Place your thumb on the home screen button and the phone is ready to use. What?s more? This phone facilitates fast charging. To be precise, within 5 minutes, the charge is good enough to last for two hours of talk-time.
Go ahead and buy Oppo smartphones online on Gadgets Now. Click to avail!
You May Be Interested in: iPhone | Samsung Mobile | Nokia Mobile | Oppo Mobile | Vivo Mobile | Sony Mobile | Gionee Mobile | Lava Mobile | HTC Mobile | Lyf Mobile | Panasonic Mobile | Micromax Mobile
