Micromax is the leading Indian mobile in the market. There are so many Micromax smartphones to choose from. If you want an entry level smartphone or a mobile phone with most advanced features there are too many choices from Micromax.
The very first impression of people when they hear the brand name Micromax is that it is an Indian Brand. Their range of budget and premium Smartphones are known to be really reliable and robust. Also, these models are worth the price with the features that they provide. A good battery backup, dual SIM card slots, expandable memory, quad-core and octa-core processors, simple design and there is still a lot more to offer. So, if you are looking for a budget phone with the best features, it is ideal to buy Micromax mobile phones.
Are you looking for Micromax Smartphone reviews before buying them? Browse through the various mo-bile phone categories of Gadgets Now and it is sure to help you with the best results. What?s more? In case, you can also compare two or more models when your mind is triggering. Apart from this, the team at Gadgets Now has compiled various step-by-step guides for those who find difficulties using the phone. There is not just one phone on the list of the latest Micromax smartphones but there are ample of them which can be thought of.
The Vellore Institute of Technology (VIT) is one of the most prestigious private universities in India, whose alumni include some of the nations top engineers, computer software designers and other tech and research specialists. However, the institution, which has campuses in Chennai and Vellore (a town about halfway between Chennai and Indias tech hub, Bangalore), has recently received some unwanted negative attention with regard to how the university treats its female students.
The Micromax Dual 5 has a whopping internal memory up to 128 GB. It would be a bowling moment for you to know about the expandable memory as well. For those who love to watch videos over the phone, there is an HD display with a screen size that is perfect for your palm. Worries can be kept aside for the performance because of the octa-core processor. You can opt to buy Micromax Dual 5 online for grabbing the best deal.
For those who use mobile phones just to fulfill the basic purposes, buying Micromax Dual 4 would be in-deed a smart choice. It comes along with the 7th version of android operating system named as Nougat. As it is a default feature to provide dual SIM slots, even this phone has hybrid SIM slots. The in-built octa-core processor ensures that you don?t have any performance glitches while multi-tasking. With the high-resolution camera and HDR shooting mode, you can click the pictures like that from a digital camera.
The Micromax Selfie 2 is specially designed for the purpose of taking epic selfies and accentuating the face. The long battery life will ensure that you can enjoy all these features without having to worry about your phone running out of juice while you are trying to capture the best memories of your life with one of Micromax?s best selfie phones.
The Micromax Canvas1 helps a beginner to experiment well with selfies. The light weight, smaller screen size, various sensors and a good-to-go camera makes sure of this. Additionally, the price range would sure-ly make a person buy Micromax Canvas 1 without a second thought. Take good selfies and always be cam-era ready with the Canvas 1.
Here was an overview of Micromax brand and some flagship and bestselling Micromax Models. Keep shopping!
You May Be Interested in: iPhone | Samsung Mobile | Nokia Mobile | Oppo Mobile | Vivo Mobile | Sony Mobile | Gionee Mobile | Lava Mobile | HTC Mobile | Lyf Mobile | Panasonic Mobile | Micromax Mobile
