
	   By continuing to use this site you consent to the use of cookies on your device as described in our 
	   Cookie Policy unless you have disabled them. You can change your Cookie Settings at any time but parts of our site will not function correctly without them. 
	   


Press Trust of India 								  								  | 
								  								  								  Bhopal 							  

							  Last Updated at October 17, 2016 15:28 IST

http://mybs.in/2TIRqMG

With an aim to impart quality education to the students, Vellore Institute of Technology (VIT) University is establishing its third campus near Bhopal. 	"VIT University is now spreading its wings and establishing the third campus at (near) Bhopal. The Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) for it was signed during the Global Investors Summit," VIT Founder Chancellor and Ex-MP, G Viswanathan told reporters here today.
	The foundation stone for the new campus, at Kothri Kalan on Bhopal-Indore Highway in Sehore district, will be laid by Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan and Minister for Higher Education Jaibhan Singh Pawaiya on October 20.
	"We will set up the new University with an investment of Rs 500 crore, in phases, in an area of 100 plus acre," he said.
	"In future, we will also think over setting up medical college as there is a huge shortage of doctors in the state," said Viswanathan, a former Tamil Nadu Minister.
	Viswanathan said, "The degree programmes offered at VIT University were accredited by National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC) in 2003 and the same was re-accredited in 2015."document.write("");googletag.cmd.push(function(){googletag.defineOutOfPageSlot('/6516239/outofpage_1x1_desktop','div-gpt-ad-1490771277198-0').addService(googletag.pubads());googletag.pubads().enableSyncRendering();googletag.enableServices();});

googletag.cmd.push(function(){googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1490771277198-0');});

var banHeight=$(".article-middle-banner iframe").height();if(banHeightdisplayConBanner=1;	"Besides, The Accreditation Board of Engineering and Technology (ABET), USA has granted international accreditation to 14 B.Tech programmes of the varsity," he said,	Viswanathan claimed VIT is the first university in the country to receive the "prestigious" ABET accreditation.
	The varsity currently has 991 students from Madhya Pradesh and had received around 15,000 applications from MP in 2016 for admission in various courses it offers at its Chennai and Vellore campus, University Vice President Sankar Viswanathan said.
(This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)
PREVIOUS STORY
NEXT STORY
Copyrights  2018 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved.

Upgrade To Premium Services
 Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services"
As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include:

Premium Services 
In Partnership with 
Dear Guest,
Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS.
         Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme.

         Enjoy Reading!
         Team Business Standard
      
