Shop for popular Karbonn Mobles on Gadget Now at affordable prices. Click to buy karbonn Titanium Octane, Karbonn Aura Note 4G,Karbonn Aura, Karbonn A6 and the list goes on.
Karbonn Mobiles was founded in the year 2009 in March. It is an Indian cellular device manufacturing company which vendors feature phones, smart phones, tablets and mobile phone accessories.
Karbonn is a joint venture between United Telelinks Ltd. and Jaina Marketing and Associates. It also has strategic ties with Sistema Shyam TeleServices Limited. The company is present in the Asian countries of India, Bangladesh, Nepal and Sri Lanka and also in the Middle East and Europe.
Karbonn was founded to bring the features and benefits of smart phone telephony to the masses. It became one of the fastest growing companies in mobile device consumption within a short span of time. It has its headquarters in New Delhi. It offers a wide range of cellular devices to meet the communication needs of the evolving and fast moving Indian consumers. It has more than 85,000 retail counters. It also has a whopping 800 service centers across India and 12 across international borders as it understands the need for good sales services. Without good after sales service, a brand won?t be complete. Karbonn tries to be the best company even after the product has reached the user.
Karbonn Mobiles was voted amongst the top ?Most Trusted Mobile Phone? brands by the Brand Trust Survey and Brand Equity Trust Report.
Karbonn was ranked the 77th most trusted brand in India among 1200 by the Brand Trust Report in 2014 which was a study conducted by brand analytics company, Trust Research Advisory. In the 2017 edition of the report, it held the 350th position among 1000 Indian companies that were surveyed that year.
The Vellore Institute of Technology (VIT) is one of the most prestigious private universities in India, whose alumni include some of the nations top engineers, computer software designers and other tech and research specialists. However, the institution, which has campuses in Chennai and Vellore (a town about halfway between Chennai and Indias tech hub, Bangalore), has recently received some unwanted negative attention with regard to how the university treats its female students.
Karbonn Company got into a deal with Eros International Media Ltd. They were the makers of the film Kochadaiyaan (2012) which starred Rajnikanth. The deal struck involved the manufacturer of five lakh (500,000) items of merchandise for the film with screen savers and images from the film, the trailer, behind the scenes shots of the film, the signature tune of the film and the lead actor?s signature on the back cover of the cellular devices.
The Karbonn Titanium Jumbo 2 is one of the best and the latest smart phones available on gadgets now. It runs on the Android Operating System and is powered by Quad Core processor. It has an impressive 400 mAh powered battery which will keep you and your phone charged up for a long time without draining you. It has a good 13 megapixel camera to shoot excellent pictures with. For the convenience of the users, it also has a finger print scanner.
Click to search, compare and buy the best Karbonn featurephones smartphones on the Gadgets Now website with amazing deals and best prices and a wide range of options to choose from. Click to buy, now!
