Get mid-range and top-end LG Mobiles at attractive prices on Gadgets Now website. Shop for LG G5 SE, LG G6, LG G5, LG V20, LG V10, LG X Cam, LG G4 Stylus 3G and more.
LG stands for ?Life?s Good?. It was founded as GoldStar. It was established on 1st October, 1958 as the aftermath of the Korean War to provide for the nation?s rebuilding with domestically produced consumer electronic items and home appliances. It is one of the biggest electronic companies in the world. LG electronic was the first to produce South Korea?s first radios, televisions, refrigerators, washing machines, air conditioners, etc. LG offers a wide range of electronic appliances for home, office and industry.
In 1978, LG achieved USD 100 Million in exports. It established its first overseas production base in the United States. LG was known as Gold Star until 1995 and after that it was named as LG Electronics. In the year 1999, LG electronics entered into a joint venture to develop LCD panels. LG Electronics took the lead in the United States washing market in the year 2005. It developed the world?s first LTE mobile modern chip in 2008. In 2009, LG Electronics became the second largest LCD television brand in the entire world. In 2011, LG Electronics Launched the shutter ? glasses 3D Televisions. It was the first company in the world to market 84 ? inch ULTRA HD TVs in the year 2012. It introduced Home Chat in 2013. In the year of 2014, LG Electronics introduced the world?s first 4K OLED TV and webOS smart TV. It also introduces the g3 smartphone with Quad HD display in the same year.
With an aim to impart quality education to the students, Vellore Institute of Technology (VIT) University is establishing its third campus near Bhopal. 	"VIT University is now spreading its wings and establishing the third campus at (near) Bhopal. The Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) for it was signed during the Global Investors Summit," VIT Founder Chancellor and Ex-MP, G Viswanathan told reporters here today.

LG Electronics being an expert in the electronics area launched its range of mobile phones for its consumers. LG launched its first Android smartphone in the year 2009 and its first Android tablet in the year 2011. LG Electronics is known for its flagship smartphones which is the G series smartphones. LG?s latest mobiles launch is the Signature Edition phone.
The LG logo is the letter L and G positioned inside a circle to center their ideals above all else, humanity. The symbol stands for their resolve to establish a lasting relationship with their consumers and to achieve the highest possible customer satisfaction. The LG Electronics Corporation is founded on the five pillars of Global, Tomorrow, Energy, Humanity and Technology. These 5 pillars combined create excellent products and services for the users and consumers.
The LG K 7 I is one of the phones available on the gadgets now website by LG Electronics. It runs on the Android Operating System and is powered by Quad Core processor. It has a good 2500 mAh battery power to keep you charged. The rear camera has an impressive 8 megapixels to shoot good pictures on. It also includes a finger print scanner for easy and good user interface.
The LG V 30 Plus is one of the best phones of LG Electronics offered on gadgets now. The phone has a whopping 16 megapixel camera to click excellent pictures on. It is powered by Octa Core processor and runs on Android. Gamers would love this phone as it has got an Adreno 540 GPU for really good graphical performance that makes games run smoothly. The internal storage is already a great 128 GB and can be expanded up to a godly 2 Terabytes.
Click to buy LG phones and make your life really good with the best deals and prices on Gadgets Now.
You May Be Interested in: iPhone | Samsung Mobile | Nokia Mobile | Oppo Mobile | Vivo Mobile | Sony Mobile | Gionee Mobile | Lava Mobile | HTC Mobile | Lyf Mobile | Panasonic Mobile | Micromax Mobile
