
G. Viswanathan, Chancellor, VIT University, handing over B.Tech application forms for 2013 tostudents on Monday.
 

The VIT University, Vellore, has for the first time introduced computer-based tests for the VIT Engineering Entrance Examinations (VITEEE) for admission to B.Tech. programmes for the year 2013. Hitherto, the exam was held in the OMR (optical mark reading) mode.
A. James Jebaseelan Samuel, Admission Officer (UG), VIT, said that the application for VITEEE-2013 could be made through two modes one is the physical mode and the other the online mode. Candidates can either purchase the physical forms from the 274 designated post offices in India through which they were being sold, fill them up and send them to the VIT, or apply online using their net banking facility. Those who apply online have to take a print out of the application form, affix their photograph and put their signature in the form and then send it to the VIT.
The entrance exam next year would be held over a period of 16 days from April 15 to 30 in 110 cities in India, and two overseas centres, namely, Dubai and Kuwait. After the deadline for submissions of the applications is over in February, the VIT would be uploading the slots for choosing the venue, time and date of examination in the first week of March.
Each applicant would be given a password for slot booking. Using the password, the candidate can choose the city, date and time of entrance exam in that order. There would be three time slots per day.
The slots would be allotted on the first-come-first-served basis. The computer-based entrance exam would be of two-and-a-hour duration, and each paper would contain 40 multiple choice questions, he said.
According to a VIT release, the VIT Vellore Campus would be offering 14 B.Tech. programmes, including Biotechnology, Bioinformatics, Biomedical Engineering, Civil Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Computer Science and Engineering (CSE), Electronics and Communication Engineering (ECE), Information Technology (IT) and Chemical Engineering.
The VIT Chennai Campus would be offering five B.Tech. programmes, namely, Civil Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, CSE, ECE and Electrical and Electronics Engineering. Candidates who have taken Physics, Chemistry, Maths and Computer Science in their Plus Two can choose any of the 14 programmes, while those who have taken Physics, Chemistry and Biology can opt only for Biotechnology, Bioinformatics or Biomedical Engineering, the Admission Officer said.
G. Viswanathan, VIT Chancellor inaugurated the sale of VITEEE-2013 application forms by distributing the forms to parents at the Head Post Office here on Monday in the presence of V. Santhanaraman, Senior Superintendent of Post Offices, Vellore division, Sankar Viswanathan, vice-president (Administration), VIT, G.V. Selvam, vice-president, VIT, Chennai Campus and S. Narayanan, Pro-Vice-Chancellor, VIT, Vellore Campus.
Sign up to receive our newsletter in your inbox every day!
Please enter a valid email address.
Our existing notification subscribers need to choose this option to keep getting the alerts.
